---

title: Jekyll Garden Features

---

###### Wiki Links Are Auto-converted to Hyperlinks

The theme will automatically convert wiki links to inline links. Similarly, `[text](url)` will be converted to external links. However if you deploy to GitHub Pages the alt titles of wiki links won't work : the pipes `|` will convert your content to tables.

You still can use links to headings in a post or note like this : `[[Note Title#Heading Title]]`. The theme will handle the slugification of the heading's title.

###### Markdown Support

The theme supports all standard markdowns. Have a look at [[Markdown Rendered]] to see preview.

###### External Links Are Indicated

With link icon next to external links, it's easier to identify internal links and external links

###### Easy Front-Matter

Using frontmatter, it's easy to configure notes. The capability includes - feed order based on date, option to hide notes from feed, list layout and more.

###### Introducing List Layout for Notes

With simple front matter configuration, you can build a list layout (Check [[Credits]] for demo). This is helpful for building manual MoC :)

###### Static Homepage

Want to have a seperate home page instead of the feed? (Like [my personal website](https://hiran.in/)) - You can configure that at `_config.yml` by change homepage enabled to true.

###### Support Subpath

You can install Jekyll garden to a URL path, or a sub path (example.com/digitalgarden). To do that, just configure baseurl at `_config.yml`

###### Private Files Using .gitignore

Not a theme feature, but if you want to publish part of your obsidian, it's easy. Just create two folders inside `_notes` (Say Public and Private), and use Gitignore to stop syncing your pirvate files with Github!
